journal/week0.md, before:

# Week 0 — Billing and Architecture

## 



### Napkin Diagram



### Understanding "Napkin Diagram"
1. Drawing thoughts on a napkin to put planning into action is known as a "napkin diagram." 
2. Sometimes i ask myslef the "Dumb Questions" that helps to come up with better solution 

![napkin][nap]


[nap]: /_docs/assets/napkin.png

 - [ ] [Lucid chart Link](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/f567cd1f-ab46-4dd5-9495-218eb93f960a/edit?viewport_loc=123%2C421%2C1792%2C751%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_844f27ed-83b1-4efc-8244-1c28c564522a)


![chart][chart]

[chart]: /_docs/assets/Cruddur%20-%20Conceptual%20Diagram.png

 - [ ] [Lucid chart Link](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/f567cd1f-ab46-4dd5-9495-218eb93f960a/edit?viewport_loc=123%2C421%2C1792%2C751%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_844f27ed-83b1-4efc-8244-1c28c564522a)


### Installing AWS CLI on local environment

![awscli][awscli]

[awscli]: /_docs/assets/awscli.png

### Working with CloudShell

![cloudshell][cloudshell]

[cloudshell]: /_docs/assets/awsclishell.png

Commit message:

added Logical diagram with link

journal/week0.md, after:

# Week 0 — Billing and Architecture

## 



## Napkin Diagram



### Understanding "Napkin Diagram"
1. Drawing thoughts on a napkin to put planning into action is known as a "napkin diagram." 
2. Sometimes i ask myslef the "Dumb Questions" that helps to come up with better solution 

![napkin][nap]


[nap]: /_docs/assets/napkin.png

 - [ ] [Lucid chart Link](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/f567cd1f-ab46-4dd5-9495-218eb93f960a/edit?viewport_loc=123%2C421%2C1792%2C751%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_844f27ed-83b1-4efc-8244-1c28c564522a)


## Napkin Diagram on Lucid Chart 

![chart][chart]

[chart]: /_docs/assets/Cruddur%20-%20Conceptual%20Diagram.png

 - [ ] [Lucid chart Link](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/f567cd1f-ab46-4dd5-9495-218eb93f960a/edit?viewport_loc=123%2C421%2C1792%2C751%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_844f27ed-83b1-4efc-8244-1c28c564522a)




## Installing AWS CLI on local environment

![awscli][awscli]

[awscli]: /_docs/assets/awscli.png

## Working with CloudShell

![cloudshell][cloudshell]

[cloudshell]: /_docs/assets/awsclishell.png


- [ ] [Logical Digram - AWS Project Bootcamp](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/eee9089f-fa22-44a3-85c5-b34a4b3ef10a/edit?viewport_loc=-730%2C62%2C3584%2C1502%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_35c4bcba-2be4-465f-8814-200df3e7fc89)
